[DOC-2231] add ownership privilege description for create query; (#167)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/querying/pages/query-operations.adoc

If a query is saved as a draft before it reaches valid status, any queries that call it are also set to draft status.

[NOTE]
====

> If a user creates a query, this user should become the owner of this query automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user creates a query, this user becomes the owner of this query automatically.
```

> For the detail description, please refer to xref:xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:fine-grained-query-privileges.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed description, please refer to xref:xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:fine-grained-query-privileges.adoc
```
